Feature/collect version labels (#624)
Princeton-CDH/ppa-django: scripts/README.md

# PPA Scripts

This directory contains stand-alone scripts associated with the Princeton
Prosody Archive that are not part of the web application proper.

At this time, these scripts do not have any additional requirements.

## HathiTrust "Version" Timestamps

> This script extracts and saves the version timestamp information for each
> excerpt record in PPA.

Reviewer: Is this accurate?

```suggestion
This script extracts and saves the version timestamp information from the
public HathiTrust interface for PPA excerpt records (based on an exported report).
```
